feat: introduce license_check workflow (#154)
VeryGoodOpenSource/very_good_workflows: site/docs/workflows/license_check.md

---
sidebar_position: 5
---

# License Check

At VGV, we keep track of the rights and restrictions external dependencies might impose on Dart or Flutter projects.

:::info
The License Check functionality is powered by [Very Good CLI's license checker](https://cli.vgv.dev/docs/commands/check_licenses), for a deeper understanding of some [inputs](#inputs) refer to its [documentation](https://cli.vgv.dev/docs/commands/check_licenses).
:::

## Steps

The License Check workflow consists of the following steps:

1. Setup Dart
2. Set SSH Key (if provided)
3. Install project dependencies
4. Check licenses

## Inputs

### `working_directory`

> **Optional** The path to the root of the Mason brick.

Reviewer: 👀 I don't think we should explain it as a mason brick but more the user side of it

Author: This is definitely a typo, will fix.

> **Optional** The path to the root of the Mason brick.

Author: ```suggestion
**Optional** The path to the root of the Dart or Flutter package.
```
